*Maps Not Frontiers: Returning to the Scene of the Global Survey* consists of a pamphlet and nine half-fold double-sided posters centered on the hippie movement of the 1960s and 1970s in the U.S. and the personal computer revolution that was closely linked to it. The nine themes are "Back to the Scene", "Weaving - Insight", "From Communes to Intentional Communities to You and Me", "Media, Information and Cybernetics", and "Sound and Nothing", "Reflections of Childhood," "Mysteries and Secrets of East and West," "Spectator," "Hippiemovements ". This set of posters is the product of a 2.5 month online workshop, "Returning to the Global Survey Scene", initiated by Icosahedron and the Inspiration Buyers' Club in March 2021. 50 participants read, investigated, researched, and discussed the Global Survey, a half-century-spanning toolkit, which is documented at http:/ /2021.accessto/. /2021.accessto.tools/ . The editing, design, content, production, and even folding and packaging of the poster were also done by the workshop members. The poster is a selection of the 17 topics shared during the workshop, and is a collection of postings, links, and tool information that the sharers posted on the workshop website. These "tofu blocks" of text and links make up the body of the poster. On the other side of the poster are excerpts and translations of tool recommendations from each sub-chapter of the 1971 edition of the Last Whole Earth Catalog.

Cinema On Cinema also produced a handmade Whole Earth Catalog booklet for The Map Is Not A Frontier, containing the original pages of the 1971 Whole Earth Catalog. The Whole Earth Catalog, another translation of the Whole Earth Catalog, was cut from the original WEC book, split into 10 parts, and woodcut prints were used to create the book cover. Included are two DeepL machine-translated essays by German curators Anselm Franke and Diedrich Diederichsen for the exhibition catalogue Whole Earth, "Earth's Sunrise and the Disappearance of the Outside" and "Pop Music and Counterculture, the Whole World and Now. 2014, Anselm Franke and Diedrich Diederichsen. In 2014, Anselm Franke and Diedrich Diederichsen curated the large-scale art exhibition Globe in Germany, which was also based on research for the Global Survey, to which they returned.